{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw15840\paperh24480\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16080\viewh13560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 LRO Feature compare to Lit Asst\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 LRO\ulnone 								\ul Lit Asst\ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1. Log in to a congregation				Lit Servant sets name of congregation, password and assistants.\
								Can transfer position. Effective within five mile radius of last transfer\
\
2. Congregation list					One app with primary user with assistants. Effective within five mile radius\
    Shared - Can delete					Delete entire app to delete congregation\
\
3. Home view - Yes					Home View - Yes\
    Order Form & Mgmt					Publisher list row\
    View All Orders						Button under Literature items List - Not implemented yet\
    Inventory Management				No feature\
    Reports							No feature\
    Publisher List						Same as Publisher list row\
    Literature Items List					toggle switch for Publisher list row and Literature list row\
    Other Tools						No feature\
    Settings							Settings button\
    Re-login							One app with primary user with assistants\
    Exit							Home button\
\
4. Publisher List - can delete				Shows order/details - can delete\
    Able to move to different congregation		N/A\
\
5. Literature Items List					Literature list row\
    Item Number						Yes\
    Item Name						Yes\
    Symbol							Yes\
    Type of Item						Yes\
    Active							N/A\
    Delete							Remove app deletes from iCloud\
    Edit Item Types						N/A\
    Download Literature Updates			from iCloud\
    Filter							search on sorted columns\
\
6. Settings							Settings - not sure what settings yet\
\
7. Place new order here					Same as Publisher list row\
    Unordered Items					Detail popover\
    Pending Items						Detail popover\
    Deliverable Items					Detail popover\
\
8. Sample of #7						Item name (Publication) available from Publisher list row\
\
9. Orders by Publisher X					Publisher Detail popover. Also picture of order in Publisher list row\
    Ord  Rec  Del						In popover details.\
\
10. Unordered Items					Implement in Publication toggle view\
\
11. Unordered Items Notes				N/A\
\
12. Unordered Items Report				Not implemented yet\
\
13. Orders Report						Not implemented yet\
\
14. Other Tools						N/A\
      Blank Forms\
      Tools\
      Manual LRO Backup\
      Automatic LRO Backup (on exit)\
\
15. Annual Items Report					Not implemented yet}